[Music]
hmm
what kind of pet matches your
personality somewhere out there there's
an animal that could be your perfect pet
interestingly it might not be the usual
cat or dog perhaps you're someone who
would feel their best when living with a
quokka find out which animal would make
your life even better with this simple
test note down your score after each
question because you'll need to add up
your points at the end to see your
results press the subscribe button and
ring the notification bell to join us on
the bright side of life and learn about
daily updates on the channel so let's
start question number one what would you
say if you suddenly discovered a problem
a I'm a strong and independent person I
can solve this problem on my own be just
like always I'm on my own again face to
face with a problem let's see what I can
do see I need help someone who knows
more about this issue will have to give
me a hand D okay it's time to deal with
this problem what should I start with e
I'll just wait this problem might
disappear with time maybe there's no
problem at all now if you picked a your
score is 10 points for B you get 40
points C is worth 30 points answer d
brings you 20 points and if your choices
answer e write down 50 points number two
choose three activities you enjoy a
reading a book watching cute animal
videos experiencing nature be starting
new projects meeting up with people
being responsible for important tasks
see dancing communicating with people
organizing events d going for a walk in
beautiful surroundings expressing myself
through art spending my time with my
significant other e relaxing on the
beach daydreaming
having a tasty meal if you picked a your
score is 40 points for B you get 20
points C is worth 10 points
answer D brings you 30 points if your
choice is answer e write down 50 points
question 3 what is your favorite
vacation destination a a beach hotel
with foam parties be a ski resort in the
mountains see a private island d a cabin
in the woods e
vacation what's a vacation if you picked
a your score is 10 points for B you get
30 points C is worth 50 points
answer D brings you 40 points if your
choice is answered e write down 20
points question 4 use just one word to
describe yourself a reserved be
independent C relaxed D romantic e
hardworking if you win for answer a your
score is 40 points for B you get 10
points C is worth 50 points
answer D brings you 30 points if your
choices answer e write down 20 points
number 5 you have one hour of free time
what will you do
a I'll buy some bread and go for a walk
in the park I love feeding the Ducks B
I'll spend this hour at home there's
nothing better than relaxing on a sofa
and watching YouTube videos see what do
you mean free time if I have a gap in my
schedule I'll check new emails and do
some other less urgent but still
important tasks d I'll arrange to meet
friends at our favorite cafe one hour
will be enough to discuss the latest
news e i'll spend this time in my
favorite coffee boy
with the book I just bought if you
picked a your score is 30 points for B
you get 50 points C is worth 20 points
answer D brings you ten points and if
your choice is answer e write down 40
points number six what could be your
spirit animal a koala the turtle C
beaver D swan e dolphin if you picked a
your score is 50 points for B you get 40
points C is worth 20 points
answer D brings you 30 points if your
choice is answer e write down ten points
number seven which of the following is
especially true about you a I can't make
myself go to bed earlier than 2:00 a.m.
that's why you won't see me fully awake
before now B I love winter it's a
perfect excuse to stay inside and lounge
around you can always say that it's too
cold outside to go anywhere
see I rarely work less than 10 hours a
day but I enjoy it as it brings me a
sense of achievement D I believe that
I'll meet the love of my life one day
we'll finish each other sentences and in
all things we'll be on the same
wavelength e there are days when I want
to avoid other people and spend quality
time on my own a walk in the park or a
good book is my favorite pastime on such
days
[Music]
if you picked a your score is 10 points
for B you get 50 points C is worth 20
points
answer D brings you 30 points if your
choice is answer e write down 40 points
okay now it's time to add up all those
points and discover your perfect pet a
weasel
now if you scored 70 to 120 points your
perfect pet is a weasel you're an
exceptionally active and outgoing person
just like this furball it may become an
energetic and playful companion joining
you and all your adventures and
escapades
besides being friendly and inquisitive
weasels are also pretty independent and
prefer to have things of their own in
the wild they would rather dig a hole of
their own than occupied a deserted
burrow that's why you probably won't
find this animal sleeping on your pillow
especially since it doesn't sleep at
night a lizard if your score is from 130
to 180 points your perfect pet is a
lizard you're a busy person but a lizard
won't demand your constant attention
these animals are pretty lazy the most
important thing you'll need to do is
provide your pet with ultraviolet light
and the animal will bask in it for hours
on end depending on the species most
lizards eat once every two or even three
days that's why your pet won't suffer if
you go on a short business trip and
leave it home alone by the way according
to statistics hardworking and
goal-oriented people with open minds
tend to have pet lizards more often than
others
Oquawka now if your score is from 190 to
240 points your perfect pet is a quokka
this little creature is often called the
happiest animal in the world because of
its ever smiling snout you can easily
make your pet happy by giving it a lot
of grass tree bark berries and fruit and
just one glance of this smiley face will
rid you of even the slightest signs of
melancholy the only problem here is that
qua cos are a protected species and
cannot be kept as pets unless you own a
wildlife park or a zoo that is just some
food for thought a flying squirrel if
your score is between 250 and 300 points
you're a perfect pet is rocky the flying
squirrel this is a highly social animal
that needs company day and night even in
the wild this creature often shares its
home which is usually a hole in a tree
with other squirrels bats and screech
owls just imagine the parties this
little guy won't let you feel lonely
because thanks to its friendly nature it
will constantly demand your attention
besides you'll have a lot of fun
watching your pet gliding and circles
around your living room a sloth
if your score is 310 to 350 points your
perfect pet is a sloth
these cuties tend to sleep for 20 hours
a day so you can easily spend hours
together on a sofa you'll be reading
books and watching TV and your furry
friend will be napping nearby they will
hardly move and even a bathroom visit
will happen not more often than once a
week
the only discomfort you'll experience
from such companionship can be caused by
the algae that grow on the fur of these
animals but hey these algae save their
lives in the wild by helping them blend
in with green leaves so buy yourself an
indoor jungle surely you'll manage to
put up with this little quirk
so which is your perfect pet let us know
down in the comments remember to give us
a thumbs up share this video with your
friends and hit subscribe to join us on
the bright side of life
[Music]